This time
It is in the common room of the home that I want to see the tips of the original researcher of the kick serve from the side
Because it was
First will thank you I would like to take a quick take a picture from the side
Oh yeah
that
I want to spin the ball and drop the ball just anyway
Hold and explain by stroke
When you hit the ball for a long time, it is from where the ball hits or hits
The longer this distance pulling the racket , the longer the ball will travel.
After you have you I in site dropped the ball short and off or, for example, short cross the ball
To become and
f
Short take it to a result balls follow-through from a distance take shorter or hit by
Drop to the front
If you want to hit a long serve in the same way , follow the ball a long distance away from the ball
Even though it'll fly and put away for the dish 暴乱and long
Spin serve in a short place
Four
When it comes to wanting to splash with water
As much as possible racket moves
There is a point to keep the distance towards the other side short
It will be miso If you take this long, it will be long on ball and foot
I do not Otose to shallow to make is to spin serve to rotation amount to at least
So I want to go a bit extreme
4 days scattered
In fact this is
Hmm
Go this a bit longer with a spin serve that you shook so as not to shake as fast as possible
Even if it is a spin serve
This is quite a ball
I can't hit a ball with a nuclear spin in a shallow spot
We've put Now spin of prince
Have
I would like also along the video as seen from the side of it is from the back side in love
Rather than sucking forward from the racket even from here
Port'll see that waving the racket toward the horizontal fairly It is this baseline field
And I liked towards the
If this touches before, the power goes for a minute ago
If you shake it, it means that many rotations will be many
I think it is a very easy- to- understand technique
I think I want to shoot from behind
Through but it's the back not too high on the back of so much that head
If you understand that you can hit the spin serve like this even though it is not too high
think
Yes, one more question for serve but take a higher hit
The racket down which makes the axis of the left hand firmly
That want advice for improving the basic fact that the body Mars
Please refer to the explanation for so little basic operation
I will explain from a biomechanics point of view
First of all, you have to hit the ball at another shop, of course.
To Takaida shop
The racket comes up and the trial
Say the place in to the fact that taking the ball
Last time I was there
Hey traveling exhibition and it takes the check to the ball well but it is what so when you're explanation of
It will be very important
Touch the ball came up from the bottom never rather than not sell the ball to the flat
It takes natural 20 times by
A place to hit Gum County Serve for wanting to speed up Serve often seen
Even with the wrist sticking out, I will take the previous hole ball, but this is also the speed
But
Probability of being notified over the internet is very bad
It will actually serve the game, so serve is actually like the racket just mentioned
The forward rotation to Do Ju love I gain to take the high way the ball came I Ado from the
Do you take
We will gradually return from here in the patent
Actually come back racket and go back to the next from this state
Kedomo what I made at Toka other say it works next
If the place the marker at the ball when it was hit to the other side and to explain the movement
In fact in a square in the
One before to say in my and on the left shoulder down the right shoulder March just below the right shoulder
In our place where this is replaced when hitting a ball, a place turn over shoulder
There is a state that the one on the shoulder is on the shoulder
The racket is brought up from bottom to top by being able to do this and replacing it
To go
In Kedomo it was also in the wintering question to Fu Tteyuu not Fusagara racket
Rather than not has lowered in fact his intention also the racket do is I are saying
Only by lowering the position of kapa
And his whereabouts do not decide it decided the foot
By replacing one
Only the racquet is left behind This is naturally the racquet in any stroke
Looks like it is left behind
this
Uetsuki's ok who is
Please think to come determined of the Tteyuu way down the racket, depending on the size
The racket does not fall if the height difference of this person is small
By increasing the width of the upper and lower level of turnover the movement of the shoulder If you want to increase the height difference of the racket
Can you make the racket look much lower by doing it ?
In it
Go down another spend the next is in fact Ashiashi from people
Well if
If you do not Yara leave a little more weight on his right foot and say in the way of right-handed
If weight gets on the left foot at the time of the trophy pose carrying the racket, it will
It is the other one is
It will become a state, such as inclined to reverse not Do state want inclined
The other the other is actually put Rutte It is foot from Deko' ThatLookLikeThis
It will be a country where you can serve in a situation where no rotation has occurred
In fact , let's think about the other side like hitting from the top to the bottom.
The speed may come out because it has served like a stick out before, but the probability
Will be very bad
Because
Before hitting the shoulder to explain at a high hit point to explain from scratch again
The weight on the left shoulder was right along with it
a
Slightly right on the right foot
Firmly on the right foot please be left a fetus at a rate of 60% in the left foot about Shirota 40%
By leaving weight than it is shaped steel
With a right foot determine how it
Racket goes up to the top square turnover is happening
Racket went up from the bottom to the top in the am and resulting in high RBI doing Tteyuu
By the way forward rotation on the ball by that take the ball is hanging in
In particular probability Takeyama enters
Thank you very much Please try to reference
Ah